docs/README.md, before:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/yotpo) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Yotpo Reviews Integration

The Yotpo Reviews Integration app is a product review and rating integration with [Yotpo](https://www.yotpo.com/).

![yotpo-app](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6306265/71126858-d7b64580-21b7-11ea-8d88-c8ef90b3ad41.png)

## Configuration

1. [Install](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/store/installing-an-app) the `yotpo` app in the desired account;
2. In the admin's account, access **Apps** and then select the **Yotpo Integration** box;

![setup-yotpo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6306265/71126888-e997e880-21b7-11ea-88da-287ab588d2a6.png)

3. Once in the app's page, define the app’s configurations in the **setup** section:

![setup-yotpo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6306265/71126932-016f6c80-21b8-11ea-9af5-7f6da2b3ad9b.png)
- **Yotpo App Key**: Enter the app key that you have received from Yotpo's admin interface.

 :warning: This app fills the standard VTEX review blocks with content using abstract interfaces from  `vtex.product-review-interfaces` . The **VTEX review blocks** are:

- `"product-reviews"`: This block can be added to the product page (`store.product`). It renders the main Yotpo widget which lists any reviews or answered questions for the product being viewed as well as a form to add a new review or ask a new question.

- `"product-rating-summary"`: This block can be added to the product page (`store.product`) and renders the average rating for the product being viewed as well as the number of reviews that have been submitted. 

- `"product-rating-inline"`: Similar to the previous block, but intended to be used in product shelves. 

This app also includes a pixel integration to send order conversation tracking data to Yotpo.

## Customization 

In order to apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization). 

| CSS Handles |
| ----------- | 
| `reviewsContainer` | 
| `ratingSummaryContainer`      | 
| `ratingInlineContainer`     |

Commit message:

new boolean appsetting for yotpo product id type
adding new app setting to allow choice of either product id or product reference id for links to display yotpo reviews

docs/README.md, after:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/yotpo) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Yotpo Reviews Integration

The Yotpo Reviews Integration app is a product review and rating integration with [Yotpo](https://www.yotpo.com/).

![yotpo-app](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6306265/71126858-d7b64580-21b7-11ea-8d88-c8ef90b3ad41.png)

## Configuration

1. [Install](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/store/installing-an-app) the `yotpo` app in the desired account;
2. In the admin's account, access **Apps** and then select the **Yotpo Integration** box;

![setup-yotpo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6306265/71126888-e997e880-21b7-11ea-88da-287ab588d2a6.png)

3. Once in the app's page, define the app’s configurations in the **setup** section:

![setup-yotpo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6306265/71126932-016f6c80-21b8-11ea-9af5-7f6da2b3ad9b.png)
- **Yotpo App Key**: Enter the app key that you have received from Yotpo's admin interface.
- **Use Reference Id**: Check this box if you wish to use the product's reference id rather than its product id to link the product to its reviews.

 :warning: This app fills the standard VTEX review blocks with content using abstract interfaces from  `vtex.product-review-interfaces` . The **VTEX review blocks** are:

- `"product-reviews"`: This block can be added to the product page (`store.product`). It renders the main Yotpo widget which lists any reviews or answered questions for the product being viewed as well as a form to add a new review or ask a new question.

- `"product-rating-summary"`: This block can be added to the product page (`store.product`) and renders the average rating for the product being viewed as well as the number of reviews that have been submitted. 

- `"product-rating-inline"`: Similar to the previous block, but intended to be used in product shelves. 

This app also includes a pixel integration to send order conversation tracking data to Yotpo.

## Customization 

In order to apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization). 

| CSS Handles |
| ----------- | 
| `reviewsContainer` | 
| `ratingSummaryContainer`      | 
| `ratingInlineContainer`     |
